added support for synapse optic REST API via use_optic (#19205)
demisto/content: Packs/Synapse/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Synapse

> - Added configuration option (use_optic) to support Vertex Synapse Optic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the configuration parameter **Use Synapse Optic** to support Vertex Synapse Optic.
```
